Docs/refactor button story (#466)
okp4/ui: stories/atoms/components/button/Button.stories.mdx

# Button

> Communicate actions that users can take.

[![stability-unstable](https://img.shields.io/badge/stability-unstable-yellow.svg)](https://github.com/emersion/stability-badges#unstable)

## Description

Buttons are mainly used to give the user options to act. They help users to find
the most important actions throughout UI and enables them to perform these actions.

By using one or more of the button properties it's possible to create appealing and intuitive buttons
that will help users to find the action they're looking for.

## Overview

<Story
  name="Overview"
  argTypes={{

>     icon: { control: false, table: { type: { summary: 'Node' } } },

Reviewer: Regarding the `icon` property, I can't see a dedicated story to explain how it works..

By using one or more of the button properties, it's possible to create appealing and intuitive buttons
that will help users to find the action they're looking for.

## Overview

<Story
  name="Overview"
  argTypes={{
    icon: { control: false, table: { type: { summary: 'Node' } } },
    leftIcon: { control: false, table: { type: { summary: 'Node' } } },
    rightIcon: { control: false, table: { type: { summary: 'Node' } } }
  }}
  args={{
    label: 'Connect wallet',
    variant: 'primary',
    size: 'medium',
    backgroundColor: 'primary',
    disabled: false
  }}
>
  {args => {
    const { theme } = useTheme()
    const invert = theme === 'light'
    return (
      <div
        style={{
          display: 'flex',
          alignItems: 'center',
          justifyContent: 'center',
          gap: '25px'
        }}
      >
        <Button {...args} icon={<Icon name="wallet" size={22} invertColor={invert} />} />
      </div>
    )
  }}
</Story>

## Properties

<ArgsTable story="Overview" />

## Label

The `label` is the text description of Button as well as its [title](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/title).

> If Button is an **icon** `variant` the `label` is not shown, however it is still there as a title attribut used for the [tooltip](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Roles/Tooltip_Role).

Author: Thanks 🙂 These are good improvements. I will see how I can improve the first sentence.

The `label` can have any length however Button width will never exceed 273px.

<Canvas>
  <Story name="Label">
    {() => {
      const { theme } = useTheme()
      const invert = theme === 'light'
      return (
        <div
          style={{
            display: 'flex',
            alignItems: 'center',
            justifyContent: 'center',
            flexWrap: 'wrap',
            gap: '50px'
          }}
        >
          <Button label="Short label" />
          <Button label="Here is how the button acts when it has a long label" />
          <Button
            label="icon button"
            variant="icon"
            icon={<Icon name="profile" size={22} invertColor={invert} />}
          />
        </div>
      )
    }}
  </Story>
</Canvas>

## Icon

> `Icon` allows for the creation of an icon button by passing the icon of your choice. It simply takes any node element as a value.

Author: I prefer to keep `for` as a filler word. It's true it's not needed for the comprehension but I find that the sentence is easier to read with it.

## Description

Buttons are mainly used to give the user options to act. They help users to find
the most important actions through the UI and enable them to perform these actions.

By using one or more of the button properties, it's possible to create appealing and intuitive buttons
that will help users to find the action they're looking for.

## Overview

<Story
  name="Overview"
  argTypes={{
    icon: { control: false, table: { type: { summary: 'Node' } } },
    leftIcon: { control: false, table: { type: { summary: 'Node' } } },
    rightIcon: { control: false, table: { type: { summary: 'Node' } } }
  }}
  args={{
    label: 'Connect wallet',
    variant: 'primary',
    size: 'medium',
    backgroundColor: 'primary',
    disabled: false
  }}
>
  {args => {
    const { theme } = useTheme()
    const invert = theme === 'light'
    return (
      <div
        style={{
          display: 'flex',
          alignItems: 'center',
          justifyContent: 'center',
          gap: '25px'
        }}
      >
        <Button {...args} icon={<Icon name="wallet" size={22} invertColor={invert} />} />
      </div>
    )
  }}
</Story>

## Properties

<ArgsTable story="Overview" />

## Label

> The `label` is the text description of Button that help communicate what happens after the click.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `label` is the text description of Button that helps communicate what happens after the click.
```

If Button is an **icon** `variant`, the `label` is not shown, however it is still there as a title
attribut used for the [tooltip](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Roles/Tooltip_Role)
(as you can see by hovering your mouse over the icon button below).

The `label` can have any length however Button width will never exceed 273px.

<Canvas>
  <Story name="Label">
    {() => {
      const { theme } = useTheme()

>       const invert = theme === 'light'

Reviewer: If we want to be consistent about the naming of boolean variables, I would have named it:
```suggestion
      const isLightTheme = theme === 'light'
```

      return (
        <div
          style={{
            display: 'flex',
            alignItems: 'center',
            justifyContent: 'center',
            flexWrap: 'wrap',
            gap: '50px'
          }}
        >
          <Button label="Short label" />
          <Button label="Here is how the button acts when it has a long label" />
          <Button
            label="I'm the label of the icon button"
            variant="icon"
            icon={<Icon name="profile" size={22} invertColor={invert} />}
          />
        </div>
      )
    }}
  </Story>
</Canvas>

## Icon

> `Icon` allows for the creation of an icon button by passing the icon of your choice. It simply takes any node element as a value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Icon` turns the button into a more concise, unlabeled element. For that, you can pass the icon of your choice as a value.
```

> Requires Button to be an **icon** `variant`, without it the button content will stay `label`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Requires Button to be an **icon** `variant`. Without it, the button content will remain `label`.
```

<Canvas>
  <Story name="Icon">
    {() => {
      const { theme } = useTheme()

>       const invert = theme === 'light'

Reviewer: Same remark as above about boolean variables naming.

<Canvas>
  <Story name="Variants">
    {() => {
      const { theme } = useTheme()
      const invert = theme === 'light'
      return (
        <div
          style={{
            display: 'flex',
            alignItems: 'center',
            justifyContent: 'center',
            flexWrap: 'wrap',
            gap: '50px'
          }}
        >
          <Button backgroundColor="primary" variant="primary" label="Primary" size="medium" />
          <Button backgroundColor="primary" variant="secondary" label="Secondary" size="medium" />
          <Button
            backgroundColor="primary"
            variant="icon"
            label="Icon"
            size="medium"
            icon={<Icon name="alert" size={22} invertColor={invert} />}
          />
        </div>
      )
    }}
  </Story>
</Canvas>

## Sizes

There are three different sizes to allow Button to be used according to its location within the interface.

- **Small**: particularly suitable for small screens and must not saturate the space. This size should also be used for integrations in content spaces such as cards, footers, etc.
- **Medium** (default): makes it possible to adapt to a greater number of uses.

> - **Large**: particularly suitable for large screens or in conjonction with `leftIcon` / `rightIcon`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Large**: particularly suitable for large screens or in conjonction with `leftIcon` / `rightIcon` properties.
```

        display: 'flex',
        justifyContent: 'center'
      }}
    >
      <Button disabled variant="primary" label="I'm disabled" size="medium" />
    </div>
  </Story>
</Canvas>

## Left / Right Icon

`leftIcon` and `rightIcon` are auxilliary elements giving great freedom to embellish the button
together with the `label`.

<Canvas>
  <Story name="Left / right Icon">
    {() => {
      const { theme } = useTheme()
      const invert = theme === 'light'
      return (
        <div
          style={{
            display: 'flex',
            justifyContent: 'center',
            flexWrap: 'wrap',
            gap: '50px'
          }}
        >
          <Button
            leftIcon={<Icon name="wallet" size={22} invertColor={invert} />}
            label="Get wallet address"
          />
          <Button
            label="Add wallet"
            rightIcon={<Icon name="add" size={22} invertColor={invert} />}
          />
        </div>
      )
    }}
  </Story>
</Canvas>

## OnClick

`onClick` is what makes the magic happen, without it the button has no corresponding action.
It is triggered when a click is registered on the button.

<Canvas>
  <Story name="OnClick">
    {() => {

>       const [opened, setOpened] = useState(false)

Reviewer: As I said above about boolean variables naming, we could be more consistent:
```suggestion
      const [isOpened, setIsOpened] = useState(false)
```

>       const handleOpened = isOpened => () => {

Reviewer: I'm not a big fan of this syntax when parameter is not mandatory for the method.
I think we can be more concise:
```suggestion
      const handleOpen = () => {
        setIsOpened(prevState => !prevState)
```

  )}
</Story>

## Properties

<ArgsTable story="Overview" />

## Label

The `label` is the text description of **Button** aswell as its [title](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/title).

> If **Button** is an **icon** `variant` the `label` is not shown, however it is still there as a title attribut used for the [tooltip](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Roles/Tooltip_Role).

Reviewer 2: Maybe you could space out the text a bit by skipping a line?
Moreover, I think that the addition of the links on title and tooltip add an additional formatting and I have the impression that the reading is complicated between the text in bold, the code one, plus the links in blue. But this is just my opinion!

Reviewer: Fully agree with @lolottetheclash , we need to offer a more readable documentation by limiting the use of multiple text formats.

> If **Button** is an **icon** `variant` the `label` is not shown, however it is still there as a title attribut used for the [tooltip](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Roles/Tooltip_Role).

Author: That's a good idea!

There are three different sizes to allow **Button** to be used according to its location within the interface.

- **Small**: particularly suitable for small screens and must not saturate the space. This size should also be used for integrations in content spaces such as cards, footers, etc.
- **Medium** (_default_): makes it possible to adapt to a greater number of uses.
- **Large**: particularly suitable for large screens or in conjonction with `leftIcon` / `rightIcon`.

<Canvas>
  <Story name="Sizes">
    <div
      style={{
        display: 'flex',
        alignItems: 'center',
        justifyContent: 'center',
        flexWrap: 'wrap',
        gap: '50px'
      }}
    >
      <Button backgroundColor="primary" variant="primary" label="Small" size="small" />
      <Button backgroundColor="primary" variant="primary" label="Medium" size="medium" />
      <Button backgroundColor="primary" variant="primary" label="Large" size="large" />
    </div>
  </Story>
</Canvas>

## Background colors

**Button** have a palette of background colors to choose from and allows to better mark a user action.
The background color can be a visual aid as to what type of action the button executes.

> By _default_ `backgroundColor` is **primary**.

Reviewer 2: After reflection, I think we should not put "default" in italics, there are too many different texts for me. What do you think about it ?

        display: 'flex',
        justifyContent: 'center',
        flexWrap: 'wrap',
        gap: '50px'
      }}
    >
      <Button leftIcon={<Icon name="wallet" size={22} />} label="Get wallet address" />
      <Button label="Add wallet" rightIcon={<Icon name="add" size={22} />} />
    </div>
  </Story>
</Canvas>

## OnClick

`onClick` is what makes the magic happen, without it the button has no corresponding action.
The function passed as value should correspond to the action described in `label`.

<Canvas>
  <Story name="OnClick">
    {() => {
      const [state, setState] = useState({ name: '', isOpened: false })
      const handleState = (name, isOpened) => () => {
        setState({ name, isOpened })
      }
      return (
        <div>
          <div
            style={{
              display: 'flex',
              justifyContent: 'center'
            }}
          >
            <Button label="Click me!" onClick={handleState('button clicked', true)} />
          </div>
          <Toast
            description={
              <div style={{ display: 'flex', flexDirection: 'column' }}>
                <Typography color="highlighted-text" fontSize="small" fontWeight="light">

>                   {`Like this component? See `}

Reviewer 2: Very nice idea !!!

        variant="icon"
        label="Icon"
        size="medium"
        icon={<Icon name="wallet" size={22} />}
      />
    </div>
  </Story>
</Canvas>

## Sizes

There are three different sizes to allow **Button** to be used according to its location within the interface.

- **Small**: particularly suitable for small screens and must not saturate the space. This size should also be used for integrations in content spaces such as cards, footers, etc.
- **Medium** (_default_): makes it possible to adapt to a greater number of uses.
- **Large**: particularly suitable for large screens or in conjonction with `leftIcon` / `rightIcon`.

<Canvas>
  <Story name="Sizes">
    <div
      style={{
        display: 'flex',
        alignItems: 'center',
        justifyContent: 'center',
        flexWrap: 'wrap',
        gap: '50px'
      }}
    >
      <Button backgroundColor="primary" variant="primary" label="Small" size="small" />
      <Button backgroundColor="primary" variant="primary" label="Medium" size="medium" />
      <Button backgroundColor="primary" variant="primary" label="Large" size="large" />
    </div>
  </Story>
</Canvas>

## Background colors

> **Button** have a palette of background colors to choose from and allows to better mark a user action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Button** has a palette of background colors to choose from and allows to better mark a user action.
```

      <Button backgroundColor="warning" variant="primary" label="Warning" size="medium" />
      <Button backgroundColor="info" variant="primary" label="Info" size="medium" />
    </div>
  </Story>
</Canvas>

## Disabled

**Button** can be `disabled` at any time, thus preventing any user interaction.

<Canvas>
  <Story name="Disabled">
    <div
      style={{
        display: 'flex',
        justifyContent: 'center'
      }}
    >
      <Button disabled variant="primary" label="I'm disabled" size="medium" />
    </div>
  </Story>
</Canvas>

## Left / Right Icon

`leftIcon` and `rightIcon` are auxilliary elements giving great freedom to embellish the button
together with the `label`.

<Canvas>
  <Story name="Left / Right Icon">
    <div
      style={{
        display: 'flex',
        justifyContent: 'center',
        flexWrap: 'wrap',
        gap: '50px'
      }}
    >
      <Button leftIcon={<Icon name="wallet" size={22} />} label="Get wallet address" />
      <Button label="Add wallet" rightIcon={<Icon name="add" size={22} />} />
    </div>
  </Story>
</Canvas>

## OnClick

`onClick` is what makes the magic happen, without it the button has no corresponding action.

> The function passed as value should correspond to the action described in `label`.

Reviewer: I do not understand this sentence..
What is the link between the callback function and the action described in `label`?

Author: I have changed the description and removed the mention of `label`.

<Canvas>
  <Story name="OnClick">
    {() => {

>       const [state, setState] = useState({ name: '', isOpened: false })

Reviewer: Why the use of an object as state? 
As you only handle one `Toast`, I will lighten the code: 
```suggestion
      const [opened, setOpened] = useState(false)
```
I let you implement the rest of the modifications 😌
